<var>
$DPS$ = Damage / Firerate
$BDPS$ = Burn Damage / Burn Tick
$SDPS$ = [[Splash Damage]] / Firerate
$CDPS1$ = $DPS$ + $BDPS$
$CDPS2$ = $DPS$ + $SDPS$
$TED$ = Burn Damage * (Burn Time / Burn Tick)
$CE$ = $TP$ / DPS
$TP$ = $FNC-TOTALPRICE$
$FNC-COST$ = 600; 250; 550; 1250; 3000; 8500
$FNC-DETECTION$ = 2; ;
$FNC-UPGRADE$ = Eagle Eye; Deadshot; Flame-tipped Arrows; Powder Keg Arrows; Shot of the Century
$FNC-UPGRADEICON$ = 78487255054043; 118177062176518; 83003777730604; 115104563492355; 73857609172576
$FNC-ROFBUG$ = Firerate
$FREF$ = <ref name="firerate">Firerate is seperated into two parts, loading the bow, and aiming and firing the bow. The firerate is halved if the bow is already loaded.</ref>
$DREF1$ = <ref>DPS assumes one arrow successfully hits one enemy only.<br/>Total DPS is calculated as Normal DPS + Burn DPS.<br/>Burn DPS is calculated as Burn Damage ÷ Tick.</ref>
$TREF$ = <ref>Total Elapsed Damage is calculated as Burn Damage × Burn Time.</ref>
$DREF2$ = <ref>DPS assumes one arrow successfully hits one enemy only.</ref>
$MREF$ = <ref>Refers to the arrow only, not the explosion.</ref>
</var>
<tabber>
|-|Flame Arrow =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="12" |Flame Arrows
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Burn Damage !! Firerate$FREF$ !! Burn Tick !! Burn Time !! Range !! Max Hits !! Total Elapsed Damage$TREF$ !! DPS$DREF1$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 0 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 5 || N/A || 1.6 || N/A || N/A || 16.5 || 2 || N/A || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 1 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 5 || N/A || 1.4 || N/A || N/A || 20 || 2 || N/A || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 2 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 8 || N/A || 1.4 || N/A || N/A || 20 || 2 || N/A || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 3 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 10 || 3 || 1.4 || 1 || 2 || 21 || 3 || $TED$ || $CDPS1$<ref>$DPS$ Normal DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 16 || 5 || 1.2 || 1 || 4 || 21 || 4 || $TED$ || $CDPS1$<ref>$DPS$ Normal DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 5 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 40 || 14 || 1 || 1 || 4 || 24 || 8 || $TED$ || $CDPS1$<ref>$DPS$ Normal DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
|-|Explosive Arrow =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="10" |Explosive Arrows
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! [[Splash Damage]] !! Firerate$FREF$ !! Range !! Explosion Range !! Max Hits$MREF$ !! DPS !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 16 || 25 || 1.2 || 21 || 2 || 1 || $CDPS2$<ref>$DPS$ Normal DPS + $SDPS$ Splash DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 5 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 40 || 45 || 1 || 24 || 2.5 || 1 || $CDPS2$<ref>$DPS$ Normal DPS + $SDPS$ Splash DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
|-|Shock Arrow =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="9" |Shock Arrows
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Firerate$FREF$ !! Range !! Max Hits !! Stun Time !! DPS$DREF2$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 5 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 40 || 1 || 24 || 5 || 0.15 || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
</tabber>
