<var>
$DPS$ = Damage / Firerate
$HPS$ = Health / Firerate
$MDBU$ = Damage * Max Traps
$MHBU$ = Health * Max Traps
$BDPS$ = Burn Damage / Burn Tick
$TED$ = Burn Damage * (Burn Time / Burn Tick)
$CDPS$ = $DPS$ + $BDPS$
$TRAP$ = Spikes.Max Traps
$CE$ = Total Price / DPS
$TP$ = $FNC-TOTALPRICE$
$FNC-COST$ = 500; 500; 1500; 6000; 11500
$FNC-PVP-COST$ = 500; 500; 1500; 5000; 13500
$FNC-DETECTION$ = ; 0;
$FNC-UPGRADE$ = Faster Throwing; Watch your step; Better Traps; Don't try this at home
$FNC-UPGRADE$ = Sharper Spikes; Watch your step; Better Traps; Don't try this at home
$FNC-UPGRADEICON$ = 16493201931; 16493202507; 16493202350; 16493202129
$BUREF$ = <ref name="MaxBuildUp">Max Build Up assumes only one enemy is hit and only walks the traps once. Max Build Up is calculated as Damage × Max Traps.</ref>
$HBUREF$ = <ref name="MaxHealthBuildUp">Max Health Build Up but it uses the health statistic of the spike trap instead. Max Health Build Up is calculated as Health × Max Traps.</ref>
$DREF$ = <ref name="DPS">DPS assumes only one enemy is hit by a single trap and receives full damage. For traps with health, uses health instead of damage.</ref>
$TREF$ = <ref name="TED">Total Elapsed Damage is calculated as Burn Damage × (Burn Time ÷ Tick).</ref>
$MDREF$ = <ref name="MineDPS">DPS assumes only one enemy is hit by a single trap and receives full damage.<br/>DPS is calculated as Landmine DPS + Burn DPS.<br/>Burn DPS is calculated as Burn Damage ÷ Firerate for burn times shorter or equal to one second, while for burn times longer than one second it is calculated as Burn Damage ÷ Tick.</ref>
</var>
{{Tabber
|Regular
|<tabber>
|-|Spike =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="13" |Spikes
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Health !! Firerate !! Range !! Max Traps !! Lifespan !! Max Build Up$BUREF$ !! Max Health Build Up$HBUREF$ !! DPS$DREF$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 0 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 10 || 10 || 4 || 7 || 6 || 25 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 1 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 20 || 20 || 4 || 7 || 6 || 25 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 2 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 25 || 75 || 4 || 9 || 7 || 25 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 3 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 45 || 225 || 3 || 10 || 9 || 25 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 65 || 325 || 2.5 || 10 || 13 || 25 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
|-|Landmine =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="15" |Landmine
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Burn Damage !! Firerate !! Burn Time !! Burn Tick !! Range !! Explosion Range !! Total Elapsed Damage$TREF$ !! Max Traps !! Lifespan !! Max Build Up$BUREF$ !! DPS$MDREF$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 2 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 50 || 5 || 4 || 1 || 0.25 || 9 || 5 || $TED$ || $TRAP$ || 25 || $MDBU$ || $CDPS$<ref>$DPS$ Landmine DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 3 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 100 || 3 || 3 || 2 || 0.25 || 10 || 5 || $TED$ || $TRAP$ || 25 || $MDBU$ || $CDPS$<ref>$DPS$ Landmine DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 160 || 4 || 2.5 || 5 || 0.25 || 10 || 6 || $TED$ || $TRAP$ || 25 || $MDBU$ || $CDPS$<ref>$DPS$ Landmine DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
|-|Bear Trap =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="12" |Bear Trap
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Firerate !! Range !! Stun Time !! Max Traps !! Lifespan !! Max Build Up$BUREF$ !! DPS$DREF$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 325 || 2.5 || 10 || 3 || $TRAP$ || 25 || $MDBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
</tabber>
|PVP
|<tabber>
|-|Spike =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="13" |Spikes
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Health !! Firerate !! Range !! Max Traps !! Lifespan !! Max Build Up$BUREF$ !! Max Health Build Up$HBUREF$ !! DPS$DREF$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 0 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 10 || 10 || 4.5 || 7 || 4 || 75 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 1 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 20 || 20 || 4 || 7 || 5 || 75 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 2 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 25 || 60 || 4 || 9 || 6 || 75 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 3 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 40 || 280 || 4 || 10 || 7 || 75 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 60 || 600 || 4 || 10 || 9 || 75 || $MDBU$ || $MHBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
|-|Landmine =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="15" |Landmine
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Burn Damage !! Firerate !! Burn Time !! Burn Tick !! Range !! Explosion Range !! Total Elapsed Damage$TREF$ !! Max Traps !! Lifespan !! Max Build Up$BUREF$ !! DPS$MDREF$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 2 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 45 || 3 || 4.5 || 1 || 1 || 9 || 4 || 3 || $TRAP$ || 75 || $MDBU$ || $CDPS$<ref>$DPS$ Landmine DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 3 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 70 || 5 || 3.5 || 2 || 0.25 || 10 || 4 || 40 || $TRAP$ || 75 ||  $MDBU$ || $CDPS$<ref>$DPS$ Landmine DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 130 || 7 || 2.25 || 5 || 0.25 || 10 || 5 || 140 || $TRAP$ || 75 ||  $MDBU$ || $CDPS$<ref>$DPS$ Landmine DPS + $BDPS$ Burn DPS</ref> || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
|-|Bear Trap =
<div class="overflow-box">
{| class="wikitable stats-table"
! colspan="11" |Bear Trap
|-
! Level !! Total Price !! Damage !! Firerate !! Range !! Stun Time !! Max Traps !! Lifespan !! Max Build Up$BUREF$ !! DPS$DREF$ !! Cost Efficiency
|-
| 4 || {{Money|$TP$}} || 350 || 2.75 || 10 || 3 || $TRAP$ || 75 || $MDBU$ || $DPS$ || {{Money|$CE$}}
|}
</div>
</tabber>
}}
